no temperature and 20 epochs
shall i compare thee to a summer's day?
ffor stairing an to giout acce, and ele,
weect then for my pearice un then thou show,
thy beautyed for hive ghell more frath se.


houl hald no honfin ghase will stail diep:
 se frish eyes my bright i mastare ou ngr,
bew stious wand hire in and with destreesed feeet.
whin i have all and wit weress unleediny?
then love's forlle, and trum, dow love but an men



kell ot my sing the winterain ifith,
now spact as brand weed henteess ald doy sppiin
frailed 'stmbstaf yot ppeartec? for th yee,
to choul my lovd but wher i by dyoun stime,
so tran the wornd with wear but yee me ditht,
and stome you vor is im gloud the sare,
when in thy love thy lous's ghow in thase hove,
whon you shell stone and the fearing swee,
will stalen thas worth thee whel it ly swill)'st.



the rof of the farf with thee which groun:
 proves thee, wor i being be my self oun


mos che to thou art no be for to beaven
f bll dasing,
mimigh crmentile that in me rine,
 and thou art blacte that beauthes betoug and meart,
on werts tou teat whil (ghase asl all his,
that i vass appire, no bright with thee,
the brad' homb ind thmm myes ne oree-vedyes for mure,
then wath the preel worecel not of the deeds:
but the rabs noth is but when dish llferese ere.


when i am thee mone meen thee brton leads.
and foor heapintin aly lond so for my unce,
bright in eaver pairn)) fall and heaving,
whenes thees of thy beauty the imbet dishat:
what is thou comss mare roth might i stained
is mars an thess douris ail yeecce,
thould buth dost thew that mase bll des rrepere,
whenethy brante, and il all anet, and ere.


thoued bouth prown to whis soms chmmansery?
lind thut for cheenteet stall doth whells, ad mangen,
in ferteredate bed asthall doth moth stall,
so feathet freens of thy shee, berughed sponld.
thas mo pose beauty that i waster eed,
whit i an the renfwort ur spearty
then in the braday ullous apce dotn,
and paik thought,
where the elort of faru soot doth chmavest,
shangthen formons of thy say i'guinted,
sear you do bruch aris and wost nd ceess?dous if farse, foriry grose to,
bet stant fich wills with thee fremm ryes.


bet love i of thee that ue the' with ly shee,
whith hear nyel slame)ne ore and then deess.
then i bot onet flawe to thee mang l chove,
arderthaney's for hy yome fortous nit thie 
ars i ain astring ris jowires not,
ind may thou hay whid ghise grosed wimce.
the beather brand wil shears aig than theer
whe brted porming fiths somfors 
0.25 temperature and epochs 100
shall i compare thee to a summer's day?


hove weed all doth my untien there oon,
and bot though shewlarty thy anke,
spiins bight soanst hou hish his frost hees,
 beiet e th bllewon sass my jerintin song,
nomined with the mer's roun add this hor seed:
 th thou thou sbee wast i vill my shewast?
ut th thee s all dom ally,losey nt de,
 lll kiowst and with in the world hele be:
 you wilt se for thee brigh ofrseese there.


hou (il the silve than tand in hersechess,
the beantance caul the brhate, whe worse's stive.
 for hould e cherith hath myee is ey i dead:
mat no ouct on the dis roprace in uhow,
thay she leaces th ungentith hast falt rosseed,
where othou prome in their add augot theee
be thee farbe mo borter ony's heating afe
in hin shough hould nitheris auch mined cries,
 the dot and writh righ, ore would so moun
that move honessemmer'st to thow shall still,
and in the silare of thnt far nother your,
when io saccomin i to th te fort some,
and meabth the livbsoon see thy s dechise,
the bring net wall ey mise deatt's all lore,
whereity tht emose thee thau mear uph indignglapion,
in oned selfou himbledg ffue nnt, to dorest.


were's that look eacme my seli ala n,
in ey loadancer soon,
in atlind for m brout es be of eepred cand,
and thou seartrugh my nour in grainined?
this thou healty add mise mayeres in mied,
the regond no manget bo h prveiting ony,
on att thee commin, orepends muturted llagus,
ar it ath wit wite now riggol thee for exprease,
ot, taat the brame see baartee, then beavany?
shoon hee thee in my beaut on what doyss orow hat though sooss,
hepe th th cous shough miree timp and woll,
th ued but ere beanyour be thy ghensers beauth.
o foves that goor diseaise himp on thath,
and for my betht be that slows my saventereccher,
and proind barkes af me oo wrase he fovon,
whil shall for who nefer brombst ond ereser:
 be wrtt beffort be thy thould somm you not,
and mo not the beames she auld hain sake,
and trught with weals rumily speacure,
and i not affindy, s chouth to taut i cond,
soaing far the berel to blove tilly she,
rid the read mamune is jeyour
murned authout healt thy peaurst make's goon,
and and my both rhesel werothderty stee,
the mundering as thou art with to,
and prould hair be and noth maked toubl dfeding,
thene one of thay gluid nim mest my reade,
that uthe wast to thy she cuusideding dead.


not your e senven in that ast with thet stire,
and sure mast frine, where ar that whee still,
acppiiiin if outhats wouth dodis por
0.75 temperature and epochs 100
shall i compare thee to a summer's day?
then fach shoon of theat rake my love-y pridse.
 ind will no race with i farten then
ho laass the rended ffire if frow ond,
st th ulm he ring rearth of whath thee bead,
 the foor wert on the suepised mish doring.


mo how the ereet bo dost herse me ut bring,
ry,
not ma the risen mo had ad oll caile swilll:
 yer strane and the mond my lovery swill.
 s so trou coss thou heve is nor ald it rame,
 you is from an wiellust lose i ferbuthef land,
nor in the llekse on or east of suen


i not to i pering ffer thou frith thou hass,
and it he for wor hilu kenco mamp lead:
 or the ruidan marring antoonds with,
and leat apthy look, mine thou wooth thing the thy whelds to dhew hed
the vored swame haipse of sond roaght.
ar sore fo to ofe that fail dopillave yright,
sheare thou bruirt samss that my be bather,
arnat natme to oue thie glatter mads 
om his s lion pansing thing diphid,
she ach i have mereed mine eact ary ound,
the mond ere more it blldows be thy bedd,
 the frow offaraacat, of love this griseno,
and ain you not io giou ti se,
the regonc of the with ay all my live, doth meart,
and meat thou wor hiug the treeps that bloold shame fight soof sunderst.
but this i thn tong encthany th teeas betr than yee,
with herren har anctoond hourd with the theer,
the pabse my bram's ancowe to misere stile,
and lion and whil with i farring mherres?
 oulf beirg that world'sungeve fis then shall nothtr swee.


if ewe with tot woss thoust that be thy wee,,
and the pasten that bour such meservere
bes ind bet or weet boun mist foms ingure.
 fros ofe they sea thin aly morn in mpre,
and onnders thine onl well colf be indep,
telm int at a dawind in trush how sook,
wot do thou wiling lop, and hise mist in of all's dair,
and then sheirt thausa dithat lovs mo hin exee,
 yere deam ne so bo hood dath for ry bear,
then s en how whein geast these i vall sure,
weat where the purlase, fres be,
had deay for my bend'es a tormmsh
hen shoo thou witht all woonds und colf be.


tef the sworn to bast thee the meart's love,
 in ithen look, will co ouf)ss thee make,
who have is tous soows to theat well vroven;;wwet math's be oute, tiles wher thou horst is pad,
and lood and love and lest asuins in mend.


loon be d thy worwh thy beauty sulllath eir bramen
and mends of love't feire but fas of thee.


ullv thy for appand ab thy love,
mane eantent faruefferwwer eike thou doriny prignd
it lives not read and your to thy theect,
ond the sey but 
1.5 temperature and epochs 100
shall i compare thee to a summer's day?
kigg.
 in love, as me ganse mading fromn thee,
what hat thy seefures a fay their stoom sorecher
then fair thou dast ally beads mo brine,
no sweel have builde time out far i troos,
and seel heres ber thee follled sway?
 and sore his, and thy sweet beads never be.

of thou and when thou thou beaute wimbe?
speives with thee, and hin thume forst,
i mast the pany then thy part doddess in hroest killched, frome sweet poud will hase,
the paner alowe, of heart thy pilt reall,
and will i have swald summous to sellss,
on mongin thy his alt not soot thou show,
 in haves shaplingelts of werin, and wrain,
ais i moves worthe, and leed's amouetn will:
that i peviling doth puccose haus tue,
any uppe, will st en i beart dort of you,
and live i mert mongin chamme, what thou shade doth sall,
sime bel where leads but i forstuse sill,
than then you hee thou caysting ald mour sther
thoug thing benctome of love as fle thurecllang.
sear not the prayst lins, and the swert blavely show,
which hat thie, make to thee, the past as mended:
wher at all my love's with thines,
wher inkever in my salf hads, nor in my shast sto dos:
 and to becumy fllldeit of you suring fie,
then hin the what fair stramsed in that heessss,
which ert and to be, thee that faid st on me dight,
but fail st in my sappeated faut ling.
thing thume be urich theee blayst in my beads reventere.
then i plach thee move momy blacter by blaid,
and with this whis thy that amo shows dight,
sow in it fart a dose self ioves woot:
than the groming andournady live all thes,
 but tein thou, and thy preatues and leads?
mo grow that ins pacact will by dish all:
 hingt to gee, thee thou cay their stoven
shammane of plaided fart leavel stren grow,
 but heart surmen of thou that in the light,
or mand oun achingacclomingl, ander nel
sheng thou dast allaned of thy geeds,
which hime thee my foll this wher buth deert.
 but fouth i grien my she rise seemored
the beauty doth swall new,
 bul of thy thur, dowrrtire in thou most, ands wall ellime,
 do whet i hive shall fall fall will blighth,
and maingr fall fair, my liver in of that,
and strend, my sweet simmering thy wouldst.
 sur preet plained with thy gunders to betr.


what in fair shamser incombe's your somb

of the swert beauty shall my love and light,
on meart dor purlive thee, with the most,
on hape to the wainst on mongain deffacce,
 and to gllath i forcture moudt to bess,
 but me stell thau all reswarn formy?
i be to beade
