Naive Hidden Markov Model: 16 hidden states

But it be me in but praise then checked say,
as true being a false thus this thee wear must.
And he bright can be more doth back and a,
make give write thy style and fair too hand lie.
So see with lie of thee due they me some,
and didst that love to now lose lines have never.
And the the moan then to the dream is hast,
like in fade sight on such cheek that me those.
She with shun thou my love and me all my,
and that on the sin all new to a quill.
If yet much where to the days shall thy day,
as now foist not most dost not taught mine fair.
No eye should love be you love are dark do,
as me live dear pride to her my least should.

Mine a truth even aught i not i grant on,
that that cut so him twain how at time's veins.
Or of thy view as seems fair do quest works,
to taught must crime age of these of best did.
O i hath i be live to his dimmed still,
my my veins on you grief's sweet pluck mind's is.
No it his old forth on love's love doth jacks,
and whom see my are when the good world of.
The give make have up on how time which steals,
and what be it of not they with moon which.
Yet i none till not can of thy tomb his,
that to time's king and an sun thou young in.
Or in time in mine heart to thy frown soil,
if day eyes me but thou live most of waste.

And thy mine lips of lie day all men will,
and term heir vow when slow seem wife a breast.
Of the it can art thee did wilt to mine,
which is what sun i thee what my the days.
It how then threw tribes not so small self of,
that my sweet muse do me self hath not to.
Or take mayst say with be that self his praise,
who you is stone will as long say cross out.
Be many she i i said muse men thou it,
these night not thine and brass couldst i that see.
What's this the fame to sweet lays dear flown you,
but keep much love than their self and proved know.
And i in my self but me the tend but,
for me mine in this song strong strong shine heart's.

Self some to that all call for souls thou more,
and for thy most doth ranged when they as thou.
Lest it have seen to love's love wide of your,
and so thy gaze sweet rude of diest some seeming.
That this play doth thee world tibey robs not o,
my self did vexed are thee in his time that.
Hence hope sins a on my days of two self,
ah give in the birth but makes a death me.
Than leave i flies and my my will doth thee,
and in the yours more old if it in not.
Which with world's will o make the lines hits what,
but that would some not from thy find sold you.
My self their art hath it to case on hate,
hers strength of the thing with lose mine love and.

Where still my sweet though is much me made such,
being art he thou i knows thou full who use.
And the eye's up be not which is catch self,
that what being thine love with new what i am.
And the take the being than your face thy thee,
love i well tell proud are to day heart must.
The are get friend's thoughts where thy world love see,
you eye can thee doth have true love and the.
Which you to lack then thou doubt eye in the,
as to the face to your grave pluck me by.
The i drawn to thy sin that for good flowers,
since thy me fair and your might stern might their.
Though to see all thee a truth the red dost,
who nought of thy wait which thy the world to.

That in the shook that say we while doth me,
even all muse well is me steal my main and.
And things you thou must love bring on thee told,
when blush for hue can love of eyes there it.
Is do a sum so not not i see thy,
and since true of it that sweets thus not and.
Is when thou find life thy best do me where,
and it be this of white show might your a.
For on sway hate so my smell on his love,
how those mine the red shall knows all love's now.
And with thy part sheds form days shine spent seen,
o youth's here or soon in thine height still spirit.
Whilst i those form than he mayst no knows or,
no you so mine at own life and all when.

Which thou in the love can lease by your find,
to hairs in her eyes to thee the cast the.
Of rude sun in men did vow of all glass,
as thou thou this ranged doth his large that so.
Such i those dead thus first me his it more,
yet heart was run for with dear scythe year shape.
Thus no poor day and the fear doth should from,
when all thee of time's fair is the worse to.
The the reap give seen and die thou prove could,
and sure store's muse that i far stars each his.
Be i a rest part a worst is youth no,
as high more form make fond my dead of my.
My cure is come with the wealth they earth doth,
one shall hour his breasts being more thou a light.

More love so wit what thou is that men but,
and should knife live and blind all stay of live.
Save wise it do oft love diest which on thorns,
my self lies thee creep poor to day of praise.
Had so in of hold as fell still health their,
like pale is shalt thou have brow in mine sun.
'tis aught are you if most get you being of,
give let love work in is false is sail to.
If i am keep leaves my be dart dead huge,
as in show nine of change self out thee and.
That not none of best are home my soul reeks,
that my worms to dress men and thy the sin.
Or given that i do she me hour love in,
then till i then i still old red still boot.

Since he that weeds thy all reigned bath and sell,
so much to me so rid heart of plead in.
And our not wouldst hang i shall are hawks so,
when it thou that they of my eyes as me.
Make then not the time to we both thee with,
for bliss as it is and doth thou fair to.
The love is me and love's rank hour of the,
my first of lends if please on fresh deem found.
That then who would trees once time so is fine,
thou can age these cast cries me of thine eyes.
Of pain dare with own woe well two the eyes,
that heed thee half should shall all which looked with.
Of my gain for some now though heaven the thoughts,
that the the eye with live in thine verse which.

O what thee and not i i not have not,
when should dumb large but make eye or my self.
Comes what great is of his love ten thou now,
what with do as food i man's thorns in be.
I but see that frame to i could can will,
and not you prey or a pass his their bevel.
Make thence of thy day live case to i fawn,
when hear'st leads passed let on rest fair in your.
O like fits but her my moon more not and,
as thee of men who for sway shook are know'st.
And that sick thoughts to them is find eye can,
to doth could can one my his end set glass.
My old side thou praise of thee knows many old,
as thou no sweet breast of night it thy breast.

