Rhyming Hidden Markov Model: 4 hidden states

Fair glass that it tend told thither before,
be as am with till faith for thus you one.
To stay with thine of thee shall figured more,
if his i mountain might hours alone.
Speak my thou with thou me to follow long,
those in fate shall be youth in outbraves might.
Why not once i this my nature's rack strong,
but outcast would your nature they true write.
His be eye then i all no jump repair,
and impression be dearest it thine more.
That the have for trifles by beauteous fair,
her the death thou head now seest shall abhor.
That recompense him date thought of tell mad,
so sweet have were stop did shape of self had.

Tired and world the art's than be locked before,
incapable my from you remembered.
But excuse deeds and thee thou need'st hours more,
and they the painter do familiar tendered.
Thence please eye there age mark the i being writ,
how deep fickle me the general is.
What loving cunning do is gave keep wit,
even the desire on thee too snow his.
Like thus is me thou thee thou say was on,
not body to on hell with dun despair.
And love pictured words is our grief gone,
then shine apple correction that i fair.
When dear cold swearing have decease nothing,
when course gusts night moment pretty a-doting.

With mine me she lead your i thee now thought,
weary the in thy found say acquainted.
That despair dead who the weary turns sought,
then thou hast in heart when to life attainted.
They the friends was traffic to not hate were,
bare make invention that how losses days.
Be thou oft straight for accents to well bear,
forgot every might and rich perforce praise.
In thy my love and gainer happy lease,
and thought my mine live even so his painted.
Of be evermore of would false decease,
in did means and me self where acquainted.
Of child whereto his love in you this true,
yet love iniquity may latch and you.

Now such strains nor are way the interest,
but name issue rich and pleasure upon.
Possessing i fresh so full fair arrest,
from my eye to themselves still print eyes moan.
And grew thy have to old me would age i,
thy heart dear no son of thee doth his wit.
Ere woe my gracious fester than lust lie,
but yellow the come quite you by fears sit.
Borne some the willingly in flowers now,
and to thinly cheek of their pride is age.
Why or tender her as love's gild'st in how,
that his sorrow and they sicken presage.
But the dwellers state proceed love day i,
and your most prizing bent chide he add be.

And and and fearful a cross upon now,
and that are resort grace love's still with love.
By thee are others was thou tongue-tied bough,
making this slave i retention dressed move.
Either often depends write for me verse,
what art friend and know i addition mud.
And horse it each kind in sorrow rehearse,
and a reason how to should thou love bud.
So true parallels graces thee is horse,
made he you what allayed trenches loss proved.
By truth night love as long-lived thee doth force,
making be doth labouring to time o'er loved.
They best that sheaves a to windows disgrace,
wherein i picture's yore her our face.

Then the verse knows set will why poor love i,
to that thou have usurer winters not.
Theirs most black which roses behold wood be,
the such the till delighted though forgot.
A hide fore tears to short in nature now,
although with toil i rage more tender love.
They nimble enough thee i miser how,
in mind and mind or outworn the remove.
Past all i self by engrossed prize out old,
if lovely thine the thought hath visage right.
For cheeks against the prepare from behold,
and devil to the live new precious sight.
Where all oppression too be their fresh mother,
to as not had rage though not another.

In the world which thou you poor they betray,
while thoughts for defendant so her love still.
And with stain that inward pale hell a may,
or love's swear fair hold themselves may they will.
In pity ill altered bear form in i,
for please you and my a well amazeth.
Then dost slander answer heaven and be,
and purpose not i my time canst gazeth.
The borrowed bears no been dearth monument,
that universe do help give loving love.
To wit all men home that hath thou false spent,
hung are love with new of thy a remove.
Like change in brain to much to a wont weed,
roses be to end strumpeted proceed.

As mistress do all thrice wand'rest bower see,
how send'st seen ransom in love of worth this.
Which semblance wronk invention of love be,
a by a self spent know unfathered is.
Are windy kindness is poor couldst shall love,
to but return in beauty's slow my thee.
More mark allow since in shown i approve,
for best when her have the thrivers hung be.
Look fair and truth being maiden alone,
who deep influence to by war with me.
Yet ne'er faults you with sweetly give anon,
even thou thee to lines privilege thee.
As but parts each thy am do truth which know,
from all once her in me at me with go.

I it where tempests of life of a will,
within i make brow quite should viewest knows.
Why looking thee although the world told still,
like that the bases doth appeal joy foes.
And not like o self as then pleasure too,
root yet love counted had older contain.
I a looks is dear are me nor this do,
a injury like of moods the thy brain.
That vulgar loved to on i not black back,
kissing so purposed judgment's poor love even.
I his sight was of transgression alack,
yet in sorrow shame utmost him heaven.
As your lov'st earth and every youth so glass,
slandering granting make thy scope queen her was.

Thence i others add shall broke o'er song all,
since truly wife to gracious and she thief.
Great your not truth upon thy enough call,
the sea's goodness dressed but that my love grief.
And thy but i two still a quick expressed,
the dost the read duty truth the allow.
And beggared struck robbery them peace and best,
and thou nor their woe of one confound brow.
In be vile i thy mayst world's be of go,
thy their place i sweet treasure should mad it.
Loving height to speak do humour can know,
with for cure thy glory rare doth shall it.
Within should that marigold o alone,
by our you but greater precious one.

