Rhyming Hidden Markov Model: 32 hidden states

Dost her in that o'erworn sin to praise how,
beshrew give a thence sometime is when life.
And lines for thee go despising you now,
therefore kept thou wide truth with checked hung 'gainst.
Why scorned my wink we roses return all,
he then of true self more stern thee men broken.
For lines mine in building are time she call,
like thousand of shalt thine spheres of open.
And thou thy self to winter alone art,
but seldom poor were wit decease receivest.
Against a desert spent rehearse thy heart,
against thou made no everywhere deceivest.
And even the untutored flower or i,
intend thy had thee on wet lacked is lie.

Have proud in of live still my blood by i,
and wherever speak with me that o'erworn.
What thou make it beauty bow hence seen lie,
was you then every carcanet fall 'gainst.
O mutual thy heart then you calls saw you,
my summer by worship sighs story pass.
Who let you thief confounded one untrue,
or with wilt with the show pictured did was.
To wondrous sweet tongue in hammered vow i,
but thou the small satire dost remote knows.
Me while nothing such wake show of rich lie,
when news in his life so thee if is foes.
To other fountains acceptable you,
and they do brow when love do scope and new.

Robbing me often liberty intents,
for as is spirits shall hope taken bough.
That thou hand is beauty of thee his 'gainst,
what the am with his devil decease now.
Tired was i bones to the dare to me,
save hang your self to record dare my still.
Ay me i love i love one and to thee,
he scorned grace our grace as gently quill.
Love with having to me richer even both,
whoe'er thy do blushing found not to give.
Or brass and prophecies self all thou growth,
triumph her are and altered heart and live.
And to the were by strong whose see which you,
and but some great far to a fair days new.

The march find ruth do thy seem after may,
being jollity falsely to repair.
Doth else made princes am builded should day,
save let the gaudy antique can dote fair.
Since sweetness art i strong far use thy rhyme,
well see pleasant to his your excess fight.
My great and deepest through array loan time,
who you up strengthened making thy dull quite.
He eye hath art is blessed love's report,
my nimble breath i thee thee yours walls there.
With by looks the time i only thee short,
for whether through the powerful side more dear.
But this divide wealth side to all thy war,
and ever doth charged dwells sight thy stage bar.

To thy other shall wilt i holy know,
save rather shun self to felt invited.
So what black thence is their wide lines that so,
i for my love be i thee delighted.
And i by widow are olives is ye,
then keep act still thy prophetic so too.
Distilled borrowed was vex devised mad me,
and do could thee thy boast alone drained do.
Save nightly these in that for none that die,
therefore perspective it old to being.
For by me of age with see memory,
had summer loves enemies i seeing.
The think injurious might and that behold,
and let i am thee to love's pleasure old.

When other taste our elsewhere hath truth,
to my wardrobe still thy ocean away.
To mine looks that my praise day compiled youth,
too thy drudge to aggravate am betray.
Even should the pain i thee doth being cure,
whilst the true assemble bastard dote have.
Strikes name importune thy leave so endure,
and are art how by my face tempting 'gainst.
When i being thy sole in me bind may,
i count an sin delighted such sweet truth.
To any day my way coming trust day,
these tender pencil and thou is well 'gainst.
And when me hatred of my injuries,
and doth limbs yet censures will enemies.

That of a use my self that the wide age,
then in by lark ere doing much that thee.
Thy again to found is foul equipage,
music thy better in swift ill stopped be.
And cold to lay dost keeps me the hast are,
o are the sweet that where tend red and not.
Save on the blots when from the praise compare,
i many changing side black dead forgot.
O quest love for prizing men's muse i sport,
by mine in i best done defendant thee.
Show the swear let him happy thy report,
since therefore my self in woe to base be.
Awakes may loves they in false judgement do,
you make wilt gone their been defects of too.

For patience view now beauty her i up,
the that and every death or i behold.
Save in nought wilt it so his keeps do 'gainst,
and flowers of a sight sadly are old.
Which nothing not canker than shall me no,
let spite do make my self for ride thy pride.
Doth thou got love in lame in loves in so,
against leads will whose flourish walk with ride.
There that some true-telling self by go own,
a cheeks that and in fell several show are.
Think shalt not heart to accumulate shown,
even this my eyed poor forth thy muses car.
Suns on not joy alone love thee up not,
roses now bear nothing goest know'st forgot.

What be luck yet high name in stay sweet read,
like will i beauty it this sullen finds.
Look mine ever or my morning indeed,
truth can to dumb and can your youth to 'gainst.
So in those elsewhere to transferred trust me,
o call it knife course brow or those might side.
Darkening of sight made things is not prove be,
thou it being influence takes this pride.
Angry have afresh living sweet knife hold,
this in my rare that my enlarged with thee.
Who thou thy beauty gored poets forth bold,
lo found my summer be posterity.
So first thy judgment one buried in his,
it derive you to the report store is.

Mad himself be beauty's disease truth date,
the that to white crossed fragrant time repair.
How means held life shall felt so temperate,
and from my fair but the treasure of fair.
Let it on high this art walks is love say,
o so maiden better eye back thy fair.
But should store no boast can dyed pearl decay,
to death to lies lend made beauty despair.
To his world's trim flatter it a world be,
i love alone only before define.
Why dost my sensual thorns if that in thee,
for them and thou a pride thine sit his mine.
Against more stronger of cover my pace,
on lovely famished my in pleasing 'gainst.

