Naive Hidden Markov Model: 8 hidden states

O thou back youth with each near book of my,
and have each me self and most what both the.
When weeks woe grew with our deemed doth mine to,
though thy hand that your sweet should to make sun.
I that it time so you i made to those,
i dost fair thou thou on the sight no the.
Yet the drowns all your brand the give in yet,
and for that but i for a quill in thy.
In his fire no sure worth make this days of,
when gives thee when lov'st she more black though no.
And then hold lov'st both thou by thy self of,
th' we pluck mixed knows let things of be defeated.
It am is life back not the bright be good,
the life thou he hate was for mend heaven's writ.

Than if light wilt all my i do me vex,
when teach mine will make more but death earth in.
Past burn some end is not what eyes in her,
and now being black that run'st do thy best it.
O use be seat nor and blots am me made,
when 'gainst the flesh she made change it and live.
And if to not is most eye be art and,
that at the thy sing that nor thee weak what.
Through him at all chips fire kings crime my be,
ay those but hear by the end my looks be.
Th' there of chide and crow till sea profaned dost,
th' he more contend but gazed too write says that.
Dear all a my spite as home none then still,
what for a sort him in those luck 'scaped nor.

Now there so it for may wail lov'st for my,
and in her full no spent out art but well.
That leads you had whom not those base of thy,
and you a proved time than be the sweet of.
But love lies have do these hand could me when,
how that of my hour they lends love my child.
That praise for thou on boast but is thy worth,
who it had not and thou is mayst to my.
Wail the love self be is he words make my,
which why in one and that in thy babe of.
Suns could my view leave our form and i be,
that life's both you you if doth prove in thy.
Though it kill dark would use of much in chary,
for me at one thou see so me but more.

Ay breach thy head born when hang i err fits,
lest me of most wealth are art such true doth.
To do looks boot to me a time once made,
that you thee of thy self of stands to fulness.
Yet is that doom which like mightst and are next,
hath i and whom my day him tell mine place.
He you brood phrase and not what it not nor,
and i with burn that far at my eyes nor.
The mind doth i they sweet right plague for love's,
even should in he thou cease hath with glass of.
No found of his lark do count to a lips,
since heaven the may to mine that like my do.
Thy she still a glass in mine which yet full,
ten in both and shows but well those use in.

And not they big that as struck spent hath threw,
so live to shine love free would the thinks for.
Which nor my thoughts as thy tires is more all,
or lest thy cold would heir not let seen his.
Or much light times so seemed as as could me,
you dost could but art know'st of not their her.
Still and the son count not born or night free,
crawls it can the his flowers in this fair love.
Weighs will lose erred of me fair heart thou foe,
o not ill for in my love lives which the.
And love for my air new thine in a men,
the for and not my thee let you thoughts of.
That dost your clouds to her eyes child nor my,
is thou i then she thinks death plods dost thee.

And at one day is not make prove nor thee,
for night with my dear view she fair in your.
Yet be my power may love right not when as,
which within most name on not th' kind they time.
As is pry his rage taught plot knife made o,
three well by the true book that my times is.
'tis they as thee but trust with felt should this,
hung he want not but she grow with be heaven's.
My fault in thine proud true mine love to me,
needs to the hours to thy smell in is are.
Then thou do me and live would what lose our,
i then skill to thy dull love come shames all.
Yet love from such face proud not to writes both,
shall till more all good first world i live not.

That with my verse do now 'tis cure come in,
wilt of my chips take me much part that life.
If art but dead shall gives i thought that ills,
but thou loan love which you this still is not.
And chide me i doth me in all base false,
the you by deeds makes thy love birds not the.
You than thy days o'er the self so with thy,
thy them so full the rent no man eye in.
When like in keep'st thy change wide self that one,
not thou of thee can oaths yet even so him.
But what toil in your guard dead in my i,
not 'tis they in whose least may lives no these.
Whilst if who are smells rid worth self will thinks,
thou thou he true thou have me should fair in.

Young my me child whose he am thee to all,
which thou makes no love since show praise change he.
And there so looks doth her and of thy green,
with thy wide breast bark dead prime i hath their.
My heart's is of thy one so friends all my,
to thou whom of it noon clouds and a skill.
When now of like the me is four or and,
and in doth break and doth what thou swear but.
Yet to one day with not to make a sweet,
th' cure on form that wilful i of the part.
If die thou thee i if have two self the,
which whether am me gives would make first with each.
Than age in find must tie deep fall have thee,
none for the luck joy of mine fault would thy.

Be she them in love's will with that had thy,
but should to of a flower can this days thrice.
Or thou is my sweet dies with thy face made,
o heaven me with west his pride on the fiend.
And thou not or news is go bright comes making,
thou she so a breasts be think in bad young.
From grew i youth thou them kind is dove not,
where she to love's the mind knows thee the thee.
And want from toil all laid be the thoughts keep'st,
and can breathe of not were no sin state looks.
To far of i th' ever mixed but heaven in,
now flies and his dead a a sweet i thine.
Lest can should slept and i hours of spend thou,
can it to thy will it a my rite heart.

Theirs but have mine world eye as my spring dost,
but writ green for sue seek who that did time.
But are grow'st than thou be less huge days did,
as for thee eyes worst in ill self for true.
Where praise the quill shall bonds which art of strength,
if part be me woo lies me by some clock.
All thou art youth and time in tell in your,
to it own hand call change or my love nor.
For land purge you whilst and care grief to this,
yet what guest show and breed live as these muse.
What can thy our woe shall us shall than mine,
thou thou is store one woe were black on a.
These either it rain if me i dun not feel,
root what whole in so glass were men of dwell.

