Naive Hidden Markov Model: 4 hidden states

If thy false though his dull the their lust each,
though toil thence pain are oft of grew my have.
Some tie all my boast to sad moon grow his,
my most world to it where night hung wits so.
My and my they in stain held say to i,
sin mine live that fawn is self even times is.
And part more still my many look love i creature,
of my them fast the my lived spies be i.
Of thou thy said her here's thou shall out can,
then make make guilt nor sight my thee with works.
No his it not lends child best my in your,
and tenth west as me it by that best white.
For your that twire my stain by all and heat,
why that more died in me five to heaven any.

But on debt bring steal their lays that brow of,
those the it goes weed take on world days horse.
O were yet where grace of love's show and height,
calls thee on latch might live bare beast be spring.
In this still is of my take which self of,
by what's even thy love that yet once power as.
In worse meetness t' art the black tend friends then,
but my springs a best fair thee of sake the.
To do which thy you broke her my thee swift,
in is vile of have me of place my right.
If own clock for chest is should age there thy,
or thy men state say which soul or that stand.
My her soul's the world seem bears love the fair,
we flies with forth be doth felt be may thee.

As thy men of past of from some this was,
if made yet what deep show dost stars that hast.
Then my wood's if the a that my your looks,
with when thy things and what be to my not.
I and me old heaven of the in that me,
they much which in birds must too well shall tongues.
What earth still heart fame part thy sin care came,
if your the thou own by looks than is all.
From is world of saw with stain a old truth,
then waste place thy well beard day takes am mind.
When i wilt it be to waste for thy me,
with thou deeds up gulls store and thy there's such.
To looks to the spirit should not eyes or for,
so your cloud thou praise doth sides of run'st have.

In weep cold on seem his same curse and worms,
'tis at such shall thy me in art it from.
This her life more to art then such that nor,
but do wills and love can head must west for.
I what's for a life but crave to sight and,
thy friend when him then durst thy heart held my.
What can how i we can me their true with,
her my this did tongues are thee have loss by.
If i my these show shall tongues down best i'll,
were you near and a veins in thoughts to i.
To many frown to to shalt pride that heart false,
made i with kind for the leads stand my time.
With fame whose burn which thou would pride for love,
the hear of deeds thou sins and me o world.

With bier or be so spite for steal term and,
i in fast to muse and self doth her say.
So bad like my great so glance are crowned a,
with change with time the hear now your store be.
For i thy bonds are cars in thine boast with,
that would have may thou hear on hand what slow.
I what let the on my rude me one of,
in my it which our great me nor truth my.
Which not his far in asked the think yet see,
when the am of tomb doth gone the tell with.
Were or near with my am with moon treads dost,
of an world more my have be have with i.
That thou dun in your thoughts each eye to wilt,
to well o'er i it and see self my though.

Is pride as true eyes one as third by took,
that this soul to self powers thou hate at dull.
Who than being it so my false of strong thee,
thus your love to bends so to in pent to.
Thus thou a bred hold eye still just with thee,
since they self must it my my them hold gift.
By those need sick say out this pluck no oft,
the her use note me i nurse of to my.
The pride may growth night these own hell to sits,
if their black up have so thy time to must.
When the many loved in art will trust made lends,
the sweets pent i all old eye of put doth.
When pen right they be what thy thou lips of,
of since make not my heart in i shoot thou.

Thy all my wilt or proud from bred mud i,
when let all down seem so is thinks not friend.
Weighs to the near as thou love should strong give,
doth makes less then that thou make thee nay spent.
And my loves look your this thy your that in,
i of strains with flowers thus thy black to eyes.
Why thee y'have love a spend with his love day,
on thou looks i life to the art thine two.
Sin in spirit strange needs is woe that passed too,
he to thou new your bier sin this use no.
And and whose this in shun sick thou shalt skill,
when it are thy pure i rich doth the wills.
That which to as mayst time of white it worth,
since that one more spend in crown else halt of.

The i for all is fear the smell from weed,
not built than mine slave to my fine lodged may.
Look more a earth i bow you tell store knife,
i her of me to brass thy thou that pass.
So i thee to world the ear yet for when,
of though when and the thee by wish or checked.
Whether shall have to rise she all so your my,
though he in new mark love not on me red.
And be love and eyes to me hour lose son,
no no to him far it love's mind and true.
Thou my to poor runs that whom worst no have,
for through state is day of they black whose o.
Say my love stay sight or heart i keep of,
nor love of i bare me parts so dead some.

When make his read her think that in fleet'st and,
thou thee is dearths did more mine my friend and.
And from i in that to not see me her,
my two thy slave must mightst would my waste all.
And i self i be be my such is it,
and in my live in feel and my youth dies.
Will eye will ear to things on that the him,
what he a many come or all eyes not of.
Since are and doth be for fair can in world,
when thine in have and praise friend of lend but.
Lest have this my bond do his more may we,
for good love heart thee they your sit the till.
Of have with jacks should grow prize well in my,
as face for am in short in seemed new thee.

When the i i is and course are love's boast,
so then the be loves bad which self she that.
Nor the them and am for art and looks they,
and with praise when dost eye so not speak my.
Make a face there work's of make say these some,
so her cold or my ripe that i check can.
A verse i say won love brought that dross that,
but this thorns fleece grief and flower the on on.
Is a face for his worth where die which are,
and self to take all clay with whom i saint.
Which his such the true self good my did thee,
of but say i thy come though by foes or.
Who need none then me as my you from with,
that th' her your summer's i and style i grind.

