Rhyming Hidden Markov Model: 16 hidden states

Which fear of thy hence eyes wherein that may,
tired look change bear of thee still pay no.
But in vouchsafe disgrace injury day,
who in doom his spirit in sourly so.
And this grief should of workings should painted,
cupid dost what say desire lies thine still.
Wilt thine when receives poor as acquainted,
you never than this me spite in thee will.
Who oft is shall would inherit one pluck,
the old praise thou say return the remove.
But keep are lends lascivious 'tis that 'gainst,
and make thou outlive shall me verse will love.
That i canopy and more that on sweet,
give that swear knows or those were flatter meet.

And at thou what doth that praise in thine dear,
o whom be the eye in remember have.
Fair will abundance the theft for heart's there,
when for the thing thus in the grown in 'gainst.
My cause of blow is best thought plight or you,
and blush i thou my feeling making him.
For one the themselves of distempered grew,
mine be that quicker report still bonds trim.
All these her angel when pencil bad flowers,
shall almost of new-fangled hours by.
That that so thy morning self can hours,
yet play worship tears untrue after lie.
That trial with the warm of i me be,
so whatsoever in covetous see.

In with all need famine where is slight creature,
and you compounds a his belongs from thee.
And given works never runs at the feature,
and for sweet doubting morn remembrance be.
So time were that 'tis this praises creature,
then i the self with as dost lively prone.
And thy fairest gains the glass and found 'gainst,
a shame red this apparel in alone.
Thou art with thee when his brand women's me,
hath a show'st is steal you with least with this.
And that thy sounds though thine beauty of be,
that thou leads wonder although this heart's is.
Even by lovely large bow any long,
holds in love which my own thing where with strong.

To move my might thou presagers nor her,
and a my shame to your thine love would thine.
Happy for candles rose with saved such her,
lest that in be the sight do voice i shine.
It make the tongue's might clearer lines fair dyed,
tell ever have praise as unprovident.
A that could love doth first is travel chide,
my living book decays mixed evident.
And sullied went sides in three like made love,
so weak will a book shady breath gracious.
The first of disease my 'twixt look above,
till parts thy hand and owners spacious.
Which bliss my your frown of your beauty so,
that shows effectually ignorance no.

And hear of painter as newer graces,
that thou in walls were feeding would truth do.
And cannot my long sheds shadow do 'gainst,
they how right count show several truth of too.
Which thou in my warm with recompense be,
hath vengeful wilt be the winter respect.
To live it am i being welfare me,
hath is love thy conscience may me aspect.
If in my bounty were their remain may,
how brass not the right of be have controlling.
My heavy lawful do see a main day,
one were with more and abundance rolling.
Those want wilt no the coming that used,
if mutual you that child by my abused.

And trial doth those love to my mine sweet,
nor for be best is me and that the love.
So trouble up time of be proud course much meet,
shall confounding forth by thriftless above.
Shall before leases and this compile boast,
like if forbid yet says far not all truth.
So thou thy dear sum no live in sweet most,
so checked abuse more and like star where youth.
Alas old as lusty patience than favour,
or usurer all self-example i.
Neither beautiful woman's verse to 'gainst,
i if bad the substance son but swear lie.
Poor how and me skill doth of our chest,
to i write my glory being not breast.

That since that shames in all i up full by,
then then not with their a masked your jaws took.
For found keep told days of mine swift worth lie,
thy men's rhyme hath more her hearsay one look.
Eat slander's i were is beseem fair day,
a threescore one men the thee doth wished moment.
As whether thy learning thou i away,
the thee is black and me chips issue comment.
Describe thou not wound war thou well was flower,
and nimble double praise i young in thee.
In this deeds as you greater looks doth 'gainst,
how since those best in me thy mother be.
Describe ever the cold and my thing i,
love's self do spur and thy pride wail griefs lie.

That if i add as makes thy love of leave,
made second spoil should fashion all many.
Whilst you him youth by my quiet deceive,
yet thence knows is you right remembered any.
And humble held stay so the it now great,
to your outward time too then of you thing.
Poor numbers the know'st and to own defeat,
o whether love forfeit nor knowing spring.
Th' this one love will famished in thy buried,
when can woo that any grace is engrossed.
For far i think thou be thee desire dead,
for should shall lived that he brief and life crossed.
But dare thy brow still other be love's pleasure,
whilst my the fingers of keep sick treasure.

And thou i enough convert with sweet black,
the morn a sweetness spheres man presence old.
And stop their flame in the plague to the lack,
that in slight wherewith and on you behold.
And have in noted of altered fire are,
our your subject i to filled every worth.
Just this old hours to the thoughts compare,
for he nothing mute or body can forth.
Might tender see how by my truth within,
potions many beauty from my roses looks.
Or thou that in burning thoughts the the win,
cannot that common this did worst i hooks.
And yet so fair to their glazed decease,
while thou muse still shall spur of his time's lease.

They praise two one presents world to kings up,
at crowned pen of scorned art grow'st do play.
Let in show invention disease my cup,
whose and for not so play on thee away.
Who should flowers but if the pretty new,
beyond widowed consecrate as any.
Whereto us action love scope by your view,
that from life the proud issue sad than many.
What my lap of thine poet's untold sweetness,
three that wilt be you since our defect on.
And for beauty's stars than please thy meetness,
with he so best is becoming yet groan.
And he they know that see in me store were,
were't injuries other mad for own bear.

