Naive Hidden Markov Model: 32 hidden states

For in my foul and i self this the fair,
a i world or moon for stout sky had white.
This i all love see till it yet thou that,
and i heart's with is doth her rare not dear.
So all thou saw true see full from hear all,
the you for his groan pen in thee his side.
Treads when the old thee but best thee one with,
th' that rude own friend thus make the uneared laughed.
For my birds as i all struck not by done,
save with sick soul and lack love thy both may.
In that own day by seem out from my blest,
the him that a sight breath might hand to much.
Is't your joy and all the own will with nothing,
and they in be time's forth which doth be a.

By how thou stick'st doth that wood's day had their,
and your broad shore and thou now the sweet with.
The i right i and him 'tis we i done,
which in my in fell new must of store trust.
The i thee me fade shun fair ward of the,
for the parts with some blot dwells thoughts her life.
That to hope this brand lay more dross are thee,
that thee my slave no eyed is of you be.
Is speed to false sport which his cloud and made,
how to in thy part we praise thou thee no.
O thus strange live thy shows in from death my,
by love two breath then grows still cold as you.
But when thou me what it who your small shorn,
how steals first a spoils to youth far for up.

But with no men my self to not nor fear,
where a world than this fame of the hours of.
Sweet you of loves by have whose stand spirit steal,
no say or brought by love like my he by.
In thou own birth and thou first though truth when,
that shall a change doth on greet should of sight.
To your waste that eyes can seek year of a,
is i will fled grind tombed free thee far had.
Feeds to by was need know the rhyme are are,
and to she fed which clouds are store by fair.
That sweet it all where i whom air shows the,
than to no hope full self th' wonder whose have.
Look where the couldst of that that in woe and,
to cold nor eye too love that glass in as.

And thou the more then shall time as will not,
if frowns just where no tear and my old passion.
Thy drowns rude see thee i bent full thine this,
why needs my dead o place i friend where loved.
Nor she have kinds keep time rhyme dimmed was not,
and no me thoughts have fresh of shouldst with his.
How break as own gust sounds this sway hour have,
why found his shalt verse take main slide your muse.
By not scope shall me make love mad to fear,
so heart that heart do asked nor child in in.
Make eye and leaves as age nor is no friend,
of one year full is stand poor worms thy grow.
How then i self i herd poor nor glass have,
your still men's life in i thought bad nor heaven's.

And churls my gaol hath carry weed dun spend th',
but of do where heart hath me that art had.
And make thou world of mayst lies true oaths with,
for i faults me make the scope so writ have.
For heart none heaven thou stol'n think live gives the,
for cry loan mine key to stol'n by most thought.
But clouds was my worth be a hours grind your,
i found in grow the gusts born speak broke dart.
But my sweet song with time a guard thoughts shine,
for at thy fair to my much chest of well.
If art doth thee should leave i part one will,
so thou my ground warm and from for a name.
Were't like each wound now that do none and wrong,
but me though thou from their name lay might glass.

Nor eye but he but thee that sweet with say,
and here's thee my hope she tongue not best to.
While make a dregs of kept sweet pain still sheaves,
from by thence your blood some do me you and.
But would brings tract for less those old thy part,
is you they love shall make keep are seem and.
Who not to you till will so his words in,
or are i chide a skill should more time might.
To in thy hate to thy cloak night to faults,
that that is or the art age more two not.
A eyes greater new still heaven place fleet'st with thy,
and sue your true am so slept lived thou sun.
Her die being well in sweets in my power by,
with thou you less that bonds should not face being.

To then the wound and time prove i teach not,
if thou be burn is sworn taught to too the.
The strong an her and my foul to my gait,
thy told being be worth and land life even to.
So in thy love's love nor you not wooed as,
and is my while such have is am minds be.
Thy hymns i view told dead loss true the do,
who didst my praise kills not muse but me felt.
All makes you force of in thy lays are is,
but of my leave to either's you th' many i.
For when is dress the groan is in me this,
and hath my thoughts to kiss pen can wilt they.
Then up she bent bright spend to his a deep,
even steals their own him thus they wouldst is your.

If spirit thee ill mark twire as not life though,
that will my lives my flame my wood's slow being.
A put is best being write make the growth stay,
whilst clear be seen in up spend steel sit keep.
It all thee with art mine thought where in the,
that checked so it thief me hold his part can.
To sire to my drinks tops knife brow weed bear,
when proud toil is in you of store in dress.
But you it store's you to crime lies of i,
either my fed think the day did gay shines yet.
From mend an life on say of all made lip,
as found being night be next small bad your stronger.
Shall sire with you i dear far with his change,
then dost her night how find sits stay free green.

The true looks you with go cause of not the,
her eye shall fight back of is of my help.
Shifts of thou thee and him mine eyes purge thy,
as thou i state no love thee black this night.
Sing how thy love me hang call her spirit watch,
where for art's time doth bring my love than for.
Poor by he face i love them shall say thence,
o since a worth and hounds to tell my pleasure.
Of is hate i hide true green owe sight woe,
with from she do not mad the wink had reason.
Who shape and thy fair thoughts in your love's blots,
and that it mayst twire be than then an she.
For both the shake that gift thee that bound no,
i that thy weeds or leap head nor one am.

Sets men's of from thee things would of scythe or,
and swift did than such my love no dear rite.
Makes in this fire doth from art nor were that,
and dost his days name well soon of you back.
That mine all it best to be gone neigh so,
him is by not my up or rare to thee.
And of is self not time doom name flower are,
then where my love thus no friend's worst so me.
Be both my self for me and will do never,
me grant a slave than love to cross be when.
Oaths in i you mine i could a heat smoke,
the i thine wert with this head though can breath.
The ten am self and in says that though they,
by the will of dust that thou me by rage.

