Rhyming Hidden Markov Model: 2 hidden states

My weed says forty if for dignified,
let perfumed the death's shadow it to days.
The foison thou when looks own and hand dyed,
'tis grow when lov'st my feeding 'tis decays.
Eyes judgment foul a fell thee stand the day,
hideous learning canker autumn thorns on.
The me live which had it evil away,
are meet have in rehearse like shall left groan.
By self-killed entitled my better may,
nor pen my other away kings the sing.
Thou assailed they art pay white than help day,
they if all night nor a i ordering.
Is make is his by withering or shape being,
than life in will these i up those seeing.

Mine your committed love the pretty kindness,
the worth thee batt'ring theirs us or had sight.
Press beauty my they mortal eager blindness,
but told for this but goes common moan might.
I grace your seem some dun divining fault,
it have why fingers confined art thy foes.
My is old world time keep'st do day day halt,
pluck i thee i cup the give by wit shows.
These we smell do in a then love but love,
farther death things habit flower in despised.
A said to comfort my audit above,
mark toil renew of frame where sigh sufficed.
Says by one see upon endless away,
still rain sheds me i which pardon shall day.

Dost her though faith i die and soul or is,
silvered soul him sail his from is last dimmed.
The stretched be come noon should desire this,
not not thy mine every your are untrimmed.
Away shame dearest if compare it speak,
no beauty if thou to appetite you.
Thy brain may outward their nearly my break,
his have past shall of that whilst loves 'tis true.
Time's colour part every thy to other,
sour fears the to like and see stealing not.
Make youth eye's count no pen and due smother,
old should even it my to for this forgot.
The him waste for wrongs even being is,
of thou of far to nothing thy spirit his.

O matter for pride him tell is to by,
was endured not delight i thee that not.
Filching is no all my an his mine lie,
though hand of can kings beauties perforce blot.
Nurse my thus new i even my to art,
to one some worms spies not you remembered.
My eyes part beauty's waiting which depart,
but prayers sweet unswayed or blood wide self dead.
Or unused lies furrows antique muse,
when niggarding your the my right staineth.
He trifles doth enjoyer truest use,
nor when but maid of great that disdaineth.
And best doth heart enclose is heart to most,
or remembrance lest it their cry bright lost.

In doth with seem might heart's memory all,
drugs am the whit gentlest but grace for still.
Doubting mine tract am the know'st mistress call,
old ten limbecks told for leap is it will.
Thou critic i care that extern o store,
you dumb no love pity ill from you take.
Shall gilded sought more nine a black is more,
i crooked do soon these then are charge make.
Thou truth i me believed truth and within,
report beauty with seeing offence sad.
Are tanned my from find of well yet feast win,
that not to love with would too youth's must glad.
Thy strange removed wood love's on again thine,
turns treasure case me declines hath of mine.

Potions most are proceeds nothing what most,
the my hand not so body's my time it.
His so worthy memory yet then boast,
i art death my fawn to the blindness it.
Find skill on do not life be two if true,
give sourly i you and lords and tongue is.
Quick it makes him bones thence might with lives new,
eyes eyes here live all foregone blame she this.
Makes dear and from more stops desire less treasure,
and survey i therefore leaves art think so.
When therefore be as long knife do pleasure,
over feil if it you on thou and know.
Reserve thou with my thoughts doth fault despair,
dost night thou your bay lover due to hair.

But summer's of wasteful a may such is,
or i one to striving my me the tomb.
Nor ripe to new-found and remedy this,
sickle's double make as sure thy is dumb.
The madness than laughed from my shalt of you,
rigour more grounded holds enough crown flowers.
That policy sweet breast endless that true,
desire me despised may once hours.
Merits nature gives do comfort the be,
even i what when dyed dear wand'rest grief.
To-morrow did to me is dying i,
my grief of yet my me to there relief.
Is now deserts greet that longer upon,
heart's love to how no sings deepest the moan.

My still of against to hate is never,
own thee how untutored my us respect.
Acceptance thee the perfumed such fever,
the thought this what sort hap of stop effect.
Of purest i'll all then worth and will look,
of gone thou near thy how leads due their be.
Thy dead some ever then day see to book,
silent fair even tired conquest i.
Thy write come the they best my then alive,
doth lived and solemn thou world counting well.
A leaves their those dost yet hath honour strive,
for go own is doth good of taste and tell.
No princes fragrant to way mine loved bold,
thine annoy thou thine so fine as behold.

Than dear of thy things was thee and in looks,
a we my stage torment sometime better.
Merits call of like to have have rich hooks,
knows know wand'rest long bare be hath greater.
Thy wit since means heavy time memory,
so like register than times they amen.
Where not a thou upon how vaunt bell sky,
my live taught for worms then end was thence pen.
In that me happies with bars sweet spends this,
'tis you works the in better death i they.
Doth the seat husband how and all earth is,
but or it thy muse use think dateless say.
Once together a lie doth heart stained is,
your beauty holds babe it themselves do this.

Being decease beauty in a the thee,
and neglect i scythe and hammered never.
Immortal breath bear you of false have thee,
a pay when haste when monsters shows fever.
Fresh this that trifles thy times mind thou heart,
than blazon gains thou to presagers young.
My mourning beauty's dreading not would art,
whose that if self happy out my ill wrong.
As violet thy sinful loving down,
as hell but own true thee of fulfil on.
Art death i shouldst is as buy colour frown,
upon thou eyes lengths which still to to groan.
Beauty's absence sickly though self pleasure,
bold birds clearer self-love i unset treasure.

