Rhyming Hidden Markov Model: 8 hidden states

Hast thou yet with my best blow with not do,
but to the dignified eye to i are.
Thy brand with sovereign false is my woe too,
that i fawn richly his thoughts men compare.
State self with make want should my face oppressed,
for guilty from that by provoke fire it.
Then if of character graves to-day rest,
unless potions objects but all held it.
To i they thee be read seemed methinks sad,
and towards your days with to eclipses face.
And of write overturn poor tiger's glad,
thou where not resemble love of my place.
By quest o'er hence to thy grew indigest,
and having upon checked time all many best.

I for either's powerful love that shamed i,
but do it walks so unset another.
Win story at thy twain or what hide be,
if fall of decayed reproving mother.
Which whether was peep and whether proclaims might,
to strength the thee gilding there from have it.
And she hath a hue which thy leaves then write,
why whether of deceased replete sit.
As best his thought be i bring jewels give,
thy love be more divine hide nor devised.
For nothing eyes on beggar wish but live,
and thou borrowed thee so well sympathized.
Drink to my worms unseen that hath this sweet,
which here's not open gentlest feast of greet.

Never gazed it face i thee hugely so,
no peace so god say of burthen of old.
And i and a reasons in giving grow,
and faith shaken of it image behold.
Are being more afresh aggravate own,
so mayst needs of my blind time i 'scaped give.
Still maid could there do not suborned 'scaped shown,
why nature the me makes the hooks that live.
If i thee to more patent ornament,
for use from hide if do mayst sold me do.
If out your truth turn bring of such content,
make patience the leases deceased too.
Ill bred be heaven engraft painting muse,
must thine inward forbear from less grow use.

When slanderers all gentle alien heart,
o rosy whose when the grace upon her.
So is misprision new art sleep depart,
gentle dispraise from self-killed triumph her.
Whose is with her be her thy self hath his,
what so his me looks contented that ranged.
But censures be true world no i that is,
no as summer's am will beauty exchanged.
So dispatch proclaims her in ladies treasure,
nor well to night ah the rest all my pen.
When thou doth her cunning world the pleasure,
as lives and an maintain sea in a men.
Though torment in this might all you needs mine,
that sweet i that the will eyes seen some thine.

And motion hope cries of present buds are,
this cupid sit greater not from their sport.
Commanded of got me it me compare,
of true praise live time's hand have much resort.
Shifts that than most hath their me i jump make,
mine new sit one sour joy petty thee where.
Looking cannot my summer's best forsake,
i if bear happy owner's day appear.
Hath stout goodly stain of the deceived,
canst heavy my unperfect expiate.
What to o'ersways love but suited perceived,
for see untainted thy rest gust in date.
Though wasteful queen thee hath taken presage,
or thy lamb love as flowers and action age.

For all i profaned in self-loving main,
i days from her thee to i shall then day.
Attending humble too that where see gain,
in whose april and bounty hath decay.
So then making all tomb have love graves treasure,
whereto mountain your hot then hunted are.
What nor borne swift judgement past every pleasure,
the all bosom's prevailed knows words compare.
O once doth call of public thy thoughts by,
whilst of annexed flourish faults believe you.
The make love when my true sick to be lie,
simply so memory cold poor in true.
And many of methods toiled fool of more,
greater marigold date mistress before.

Their will to thy pleasure i see but where,
not so bath on a pilgrimage decease.
So yet in love and beauties side appear,
weary every in memory increase.
Give gilded self for look thy side of those,
the remembered shame find thy own black.
A gravity self weep love of a rose,
bare health thou your beauty tongue looks that lack.
Or like me wise song thou razed and me,
then vulgar to flown lie thou truth lend thrive.
As to my chest pen not blessed-fair be,
which there not makes the ocean and derive.
When why with forbear and then the heard thought,
compare born as from that their reasons wrought.

The dates of thee care to strive by anon,
the spite thine and given mistake most night.
But soil and her that precious thrice alone,
he used do it than still all my sight.
And which inferior your gate committed,
then my my sick in my show did flower eyes.
If to the mistress find what bareness 'gainst,
and i contented have endless worth lies.
Hence than leap mine on share beauty convertest,
why offender's barren and think creature.
Who torment fly shade will of departest,
when i brings see o then the well you feature.
This thou behold my dear least they truth all,
gilding thou remembered time defy call.

Beauty sire have high frame his fine lips is,
needs confounding you worth simple betray.
To still eyes with summer's comfort the this,
the with healthful growth dull beauty dost may.
And heaven is prevailed one night increase,
all to my need same of your sad merit.
Of i duteous upon your eye decease,
a gazed art am me if with uneared spirit.
So sharp sullied shaken i live all go,
the thought 'gainst a retention upon show.
Let thou the disdaineth flowers be know,
'gainst either's defect so hate as this grow.
And march back that or pyramids star mine,
changes dumb foot shall exceed are pluck thine.

For heaven in winter stops most increase,
yet give ruinate will at thee is no.
While nothing stol'n where i of wrongs decease,
this state tell be numbers flesh to live so.
Whilst sealed with beauties faces friend confounds,
when i to music grow child thou that have.
Therefore men whom so with thy gifts are sounds,
but hate return recompense love love's grave.
Be sun ah thou esteeming mine our death,
canst thou forbear thought before my my verse.
Now mountain with set with more growing breath,
'tis do to goodness self more as rehearse.
Nor thousand thy basest map urge deep they,
and thee walk do thy work's i lips so say.

