Naive Hidden Markov Model: 2 hidden states

Too and what the thee full love mine to false,
can the me i main thou those with of thou.
Will of stone self new tomb which then of thee,
to that night hide than and chide in as she.
And muse thy time's man mine him sail is thy,
thy dote her well if set of end my dead.
Quite eyes drink in as dare could made from die,
that love there shake where in can you book i.
Which thy so let too seen for self crawls this,
doth hits is more side or yet o blood am.
As but like world it not give use of eye,
all ear and grew swear thine o you my self.
Might by and know thy change now turns she so,
and glass these lose holds is eat this make save.

Your all thy if this wrong that we a look,
and my hate and keen two breast oaths all such.
O twain on last to see eye whose base the,
why change the ne'er doth joy o as gives hate.
And bed being loss to old it looks gems but,
time care bear fierce worths well to tongue dead that.
That power white more thy make not on worth eyes,
but this nor am is were words in pluck all.
My spends thy do what all i it of thoughts,
is self to end nor their you which be for.
The heaven cheeks say if flowers as him doth he,
that in count the foul lambs hours thy up that's.
In if so wretch is stores when been since mak'st,
and gain being thee on me why like do horse.

Eyes me that lie which think not me bare have,
'tis them canst such is me a men her time.
My thy of or steal self art live my not,
where take your thee must thou to i if eyes.
Why each i that which gain that proves thou have,
is part his once in as to the things show.
That me gave sun not now am to rare to,
my kings steel fell mine quick and in thee count.
Please as and faults eye's have be the dost men's,
fair all thine that the foul so his since blood.
Being mind to art are my i good soul's to,
in should thee what fast where was thy art own.
Not use of could will what is one thought when,
am all but brass doth more his due with and.

To slow we her dost self why spoils wild when,
our pen to to is her with use the food.
But stained crushed thy art back stand and whom seem,
the my but did face fixed gain i call the.
They in says their sing see and false thou in,
being end but fear with time you fine thus vile.
Too place strikes springs when thou that robe to self,
our i they bright you best even in may of.
Hath is add taught and to be praise where the,
with of love's great of carve and but when thee.
Him all and in and most to eyes when woe,
pluck most you called night be look doth my be.
But now and once old is you i a blindness,
when in may the o'er on clear bred are in.

By i words sight most i well to thou but,
the in loss and thee my nor it and done.
Such brow his o one aye mayst not veins that,
sounds shine you in brow a thee o horse from.
And love rents that all hath no then force my,
o my mine they long shall power thrice though o'er.
Than seem death and tongue mine saved my thou feel'st,
and all lose thy if hast love and not truth.
Being mourn my thee but lines or do means roof,
in lends but that straight up tied we die to.
As while why to the more i'll then not to,
where forced to proves straight state doth that were bonds.
Shall age of will thou stand bide if that in,
the did thee and his now hand for rhyme so.

Than am or of the towards twice stay thus hours,
quick can but that is proud might done that strong.
Wilt are bower is i life thou your deeds verse,
and thy fears my so thy then and my to.
Knows in as be gave dreams if hand join toil,
to eye pomp you that him o eyes of 'greeing.
His ill which me are thee what i is with,
i for and make eyes seen thy been great thy.
At that gulls or the when in but to dwells,
for hate and eye they see by me no have.
I mightst of 'tis hath once as best are see,
bear in of self bold in cheeks on love love's.
No know when gives feel'st think to hell you powers,
the my my i stands sweet be to case bower.

I kind love tombed then the as should is me,
love's will time's stand on thy and up with scythe.
My what i those one of with where that do,
yet thine in you of thou let the think in.
Looks since of youth is your much the that my,
with in thy toil for say i eyes my his.
The have gain then day's so fire and one which,
what swear is heart i fair be prove there scope.
Are that in first that worth's to loss nor love,
with from what my to soul can this lips bail.
A i the much do wealth full still their eyes,
self one the those in in in eye for my.
From with thy thus i time lest praised o didst,
be in reign foul there foul or kind i thought.

Of most too their you thee they end and those,
which thee i prey as count that it what thee.
That tomb the should look you day feast they be,
so lived spur not me foe stars of birds the.
Thou are seek which is how one of well all,
doth show thy brow urge in as thou with more.
A hence thou her thou that might his the verse,
the me leaves part write of as gives and is.
Am right yet be eyes past strength since i sad,
task old of night or why is't shames they heaven.
The his green cheeks him mine what would makes ride,
the end that first did as o own thou me.
Tune short of with and thee and is wilt will,
shall by the thee and time so say so thoughts.

But me with use hath make in for for heaven,
which age the sum to sheaves thou self a for.
For heart not self on thou they time wouldst rain,
but hear is thee love blood first ah knows thy.
No die day foul this love and false and all,
it thy and huge time deeds what mourn kind to.
Some souls o to all thy should love shall his,
i i thy o two and wont may by the.
A not and i car rich to view which world's,
of means his might are lives in yours so faults.
Ere in his scope a dead borne thee three jacks,
as death of thy see which salve height thy thee.
As from dwell they poor new or with it a,
tear shall shall in of wert crowned with not so.

Her gazed the art own it a thee land knows,
of one me why die the with my thou wake.
That you is tell wires foes none self sing quest,
a love the soul rack love dear his shouldst to.
A can her love your that than if kind the,
more flowers may my i'll that bad i those with.
In best which lives being time thou shop greater my,
of hopes can thy and end doth let my hath.
Me show the stands and sake that hours is spend,
and doom got true came thought that love to my.
To them so power their change the deeds where my,
nor be they let his on him as for but.
The sight the name their in so stand the name,
the lov'st their heed check to rich thy fame right.

