Naive Hidden Markov Model: 4 hidden states

And when when the leave till which against to,
profitless my bright hers mine every and.
And thy hast your pluck but a though what and,
no o did be within after doth to.
Be you and sing things if when in and a,
large against as steal afloat my if if.
This habitation i muse to bark as,
and travail devise face a nor me i.
Had and it to the miracle of to,
hath and when poisoned should o the found as.
So and untold aid them catch night for that,
prisoner the gaze she yet and had who o.
By all may they nor are such thy poor that,
yield therefore of sad much is thy why who.

Remedy will and all so sea forth and,
when than blot bath some he i either's erred.
To my o dispraise large but worthy made,
lovely to that shall in my for his thy.
Featured sides wilt take it oppressed find when,
pleasures far wonder past shows be their of.
To though thou often therefore art my take,
sum breeds did in my and quietus and.
To thee resembling strumpeted in ten,
thy and made thee self with be those thou like.
My that for coral think thought poor us wanting,
were't thy of then name th' tongue be when to time.
In deep by telling it it by by yet,
whose fair she for shall see i prove is and.

Upon sees some heart saw so holds live worst,
benefit sway kill canst vassal it songs.
Leisure him to refusest doing a,
for how so those her art doth my though by.
My let book or your stain thee first o from,
thou no and pitiful ill the write that.
And they let the thy shall his but i and,
ill-wresting you husband these eye so thy.
Neglect or how in no now to from thy,
fair when in fair wishing it thy thou thou.
Or you sorrow judgment by this the it,
and thy thou height to bloody his large borne.
To view that cannot fuel beated look that,
of bars which them distilled mountain he save.

The kiss one your saw thee sheds and love ten,
might is to her of when hath treads making.
Song that look do end and what as and o'er,
simply and but doth like so should open.
Her to and beauty's counting churls when with,
canst that for in what rehearse know of through.
Such blood that what and beauty it nay for,
swerving while the twire and thy since spend'st as.
Thy to for like is therefore hidden bars,
see and to harsh and cheeks whereto to know.
Find which thy and shoot and then as after,
and many on for a which know my o.
Him and admit intelligence goodness,
that catch if which my who to which as taste.

Lends had ornament doth as then can to,
to-day before love shame the do for and.
Weakness then adore to and since call thy,
some found thy possessing for find be this.
This and rightly meetness whether nurseth,
for intents so as this deserv'st him gives.
Whereon may like day more made not and some,
hearing when face what wolf serving and my.
Thy revenge if worthy how and me he,
which wherein ignorance all me all and.
Then be wealth so and are give babe ever,
meadows by cheeks revenge so glance not drugs.
Was to and remembrance eye thee betwixt,
on towards still part suffers that as again.

I if shall that that feeds that impeached hath,
to so die being breath to in thence thy.
Only he ten full lest and and our,
and soul live the courses all on that thy.
No so that of blind have this gaudy thee,
my thou than groan and yet take as praises.
Stands must a weakness when for this ill flowers,
i since some when for sin upon in out.
Old to my freedom but methinks when it,
till be walk if can three though their honour.
Whilst and even found thee the that are that,
upon faults no and mayst and might one and.
My yet and alone when ruined and you,
that hence though how enemies are birth as.

That attending making under to the,
ills lie she laws grant from becomes writ will.
Thou we dressings tend me that thou ruin,
age worse nor tempteth goddess thou spend even.
Beauty but eisel time even any,
frantic-mad this for than tell the ill weep.
And me in cruel and to thy but tan,
how but grow in since canst save who lease for.
Neither made might but the where thy have and,
will though thy proved me that thee thy in save.
If to with lascivious in fair so love,
and and weigh the gardens most a make yet.
Best two times who purposed this so that when,
by so travel's in or by will prove now.

Record of to purpose them thee summer,
and thy unmoved dignity beated.
Most to even and but you thy in from,
vows stars turns interchange 'tis though and though.
So pity beloved by how and shall,
disdains the their even no since the looking.
Richer pry i make thou as for no and,
my hideous her duty sweet you that eye.
What how let and why they by you to for,
is big and and for is if love that that.
O awakes i beauty love but labouring,
of me and tongue-tied thou that gathered thy.
Whereto thou and how past proclaims slave to,
me right yet hath my take him that is which.

Fears and poor by friends to painting that and,
which self's impeached hours way joy nor to.
Supposed your his with thy that would of,
that partly longing so says summer and.
The see their and other when they hawks but,
more these remover under the my world.
For fading and of fair the by satire,
strikes that works return o to what dumb him.
Me who nor skill i anger being thy,
unkind dart past stars if in those but thee.
That absence unmoved my when belongs,
thee whether your that with give trespass this.
All the control truth each of mine art thy,
is what be nor are think deaths find what my.

Wanting thy eye's o to even back men,
title for yours i and with deserv'st groans.
Full when upon with travelled make the thy,
thy for shake how cure my delivered far.
And thy thoughts and from love sinks my which i,
make active of creep are first but who throw.
Control i that three makes then that still on,
see hate dost mother could than and which that.
The although tell nor that's remover to,
o and the you that spirit unlearned.
In from mended these fall and needs that thy,
alack ages forgotten thy but sad.
Lest his in beauty will the haply that,
mightst alone in like beyond so it your.

