Naive Hidden Markov Model: 2 hidden states

Love's love full but what they art age and that,
not upon that thy but of no so he.
Minds of not but may are for sight have yet,
which i in yet o prefiguring pine.
Face but i thou my for with and spot thy,
my anon i how art points your which reason.
Wits tell it swear breach from they mother and,
poor and not not ne'er and that then nature.
Then of but feeding fair thinking in much,
of or than but counting cheer and kingdoms.
Whatsoever my receiv'st to my then,
and thy that service man thy wealth to thy.
When she and a could windows give censures,
and treads or do thee than years that not old.

Nor and time's him against the no a a,
be so thy unkind and good when give were.
That i know this the give though he be thy,
and for up but world-without-end thee those.
As unless whose the thy thee of be my,
and delight not in and converted skill.
By so my your fast thus cannot to i,
how embassy their i and your thy but.
Speak with eyelids i without tibey yet of,
for in gav'st my no in bring of of flower.
Be his but shade be to thief bore ruined,
for than look cruel without thing the of.
Worst with lov'st bind both because outward all,
that his no map to thou spent fair that like.

Be to she blessed-fair i toil lies to,
since how spacious still thee that for dumb.
What's rhymers the in were and which the these,
war never rhyme my while not give that the.
I and be is i when in and turned of,
on thy made be thou leap that false that what.
Gracious my state and slave how then at he,
i of not when thy and loved for tears to.
And the the i him her to happy my,
him my and thy tears thou dulness yet words.
Leap spring if than but thee for is't i'll i,
old shall thou as beauteous my as and you.
Less till limbs and thee to another you,
not when bound so thy far i not have were.

Fulness dear i be better as and forth,
my the leap let so fool as whilst that to.
Treasure hate fair take new so which summer,
hence precious smiling thus to would but thy.
Even be shall from compiled they the askance,
tomb thy afar thou whereon do but that.
Th' name for have deep i be in know it mine,
i of yet your in who better and but.
Frailer i transport make beauty sick by,
when as to that there mistress and thou still.
Without and wise from not vantage and who,
thou from o and so stone phoenix wilful.
Of they thy alas nor your forbidden,
slept things so i seeing to you and thou.

Then my wail gone for love thee full thy i,
white on but if there or no but thy a.
Sweetest speak upon be if pride have by,
and as thoughts therefore to for to of that.
Brave the alas that be to more i breasts,
of in lend which little with eclipse tongue's.
Of with that untainted fair suppressed with,
th' o who greater on that thou when thou both.
And thou read and so no so that likeness,
making did your you on every ruin.
Book and be my when that she wise thee do,
entertain that that speak like in knew hearts.
Tell and shall or hath me thy and and not,
o unjust delight but love's your a main.

To revenge where i as thou therefore and,
treasure winter gilding it thou be part.
And they such not praising thy let most me,
your thy no feeds looking be wherein heart.
Not when your to-day self thy but a grew,
the thou gilded injury and your put.
Crowning the that if what from the to thou,
thy in sweet and foison for trespass let.
Their own and nor this to glass which and store,
and without my to fresh or slow beauty.
Refusest not from thou they seeking thy,
not and that that see rose but eat suffer.
Grows i rose away through upon ere no,
they why by not and men stealing out feeding.

I flame he for this there but and farther,
your vex more no till another's i swear.
Thou east and not yet truth the that hearts where,
the so times tender as injury no.
Of blood thou two see seen may that where now,
wombs goodness harder and for or to his.
Very steep-up random upon was to,
of mine by more or yet he thou age and.
Is find wilt bold my now enough and which,
such what i two virtue so and my love.
Tired mother do that own when is sin,
another can to own wilfully nor.
Doth be o for still not and thou i to,
beauteous not do thou leisure unkindness.

They but and save conceit strange i and be,
than and drugs render old from thy that to.
And that to habitation lambs doth my,
since taught since many what back to thou no.
Her sweet so thou can i but foul race a,
who all me best him style who thus or if.
This such my and take brightness that as and,
and within thy why yet advantage that.
Thus if must and when my without want he,
fair frown seeing and my others long-lived.
Outward may fair while i to i of give,
th' clouds and who i my at in the to yet.
The my do whose thou for upon and what,
for in and not the my hath fire hast heart's.

Commits they doth darkening methinks others,
thee and enough cover yet import which.
Make with your set those thee th' against if lays,
my a with their all and still which the tired.
The then not where delves yet that love what when,
from pleasant would prayers contented augurs.
And delight thou that dost trespass to not,
book find to and lest be woman's the in.
That but i not you limits mountain side,
o is i to-morrow that covetous.
And nothing your i but that that thou or,
shall yet to looks thither bearing but what.
Got as time the own i he that some dost,
then past were may lends for so which of my.

The deformed'st then the give and as thee this,
but he breast me to this o as at say.
I certain be the duty you your those,
gain he and it thy might nature's and my.
Save have and a for 'gainst other fair nor,
hast of straight i than from my to or all.
She sweet i astronomy this sea she,
sweet supposed brow lust whom one as no.
The methinks and to beguile if thy great,
do each works eyes aright the be o so.
Show as in as dear-purchased but how but,
so the thine or self that i of she so.
Delighted thus now dead from from that hate,
why losses thine thee and i thou rose thus.

