Naive Hidden Markov Model: 8 hidden states

By o and yet their some thou no and good,
show for but dulling when and and a his.
That for when grossly be in upon yet,
do hast how that i since that o builded.
But let that above the so but more and,
then and love more all to so and which your.
Upon since within to that than some quite,
or betwixt of a presents for the when.
When that and me in pace nor lest that and,
in and help savage and or when until.
Of confine but for or by three honour,
my so doth o for when o against which.
So more then but but sometime in ill since,
when and have nor and but so profitless.

To i feeding how is thou in blunting,
millioned than save happy is to to or.
How no but who these as the a thy for,
mine and lifts eat of blunt can for whose and.
Who she stirred me and trespass for thou if,
prevent so so which take for when and the.
When this so mine despair so why since dost,
and so worthy and one learning thou so.
And not and but against when sometime and,
of it while than but with this thy who that.
If me or or for me nor worthy if,
sure hate the the in a quick of breathed and.
Against but lord which but thy too and to,
when hold if those sweet or incapable.

Towards the to was as fell a and yet me,
number then for because still my and yet.
On are to and perceived shall and so and,
breathed which why bare and o mightst a that and.
Where and some or and nor hath and those but,
and and how watery that who and which hath.
Against review it is and i calls will,
let and the oppression by o gored a.
To must for so name o nor for by nor,
and and as when do hath of yet to makes.
Or then that but lend the and ah then and,
how dissuade my which miser so three when.
And dear triumph when of for divert for,
to woe as making pent although by to.

I to past happy as but doth creep the,
for and their mine sleep for nor he scope thy.
Sap which with that forget and who to o,
if that taker and bosom's how why which.
The thy thought exceeded that as o with,
anon all love heart the name give with in.
Fair know each went or or give for looks o,
which loving better others our to.
Shall me to am despising sweet and and,
and bear that for which under to save see.
Being for fears not muse that or o but,
true reserve old the others and rest you.
The and therefore after but who and past,
seemed pity doth kill for and then and want.

Moving pitiful your thee she hence i,
or die valley-fountain mine for and 'gainst.
But tired the of indirectly and,
that in prescriptions shall then mine not hours.
All even and o and when knowing top,
points one which how and but so believe in.
Thy than pity without how how mine have,
for which and then as for worthy if but.
When the where and do that love breathed the when,
lie brain these or that the from thus that the.
For some by than holds when no my yet o,
even accuse o the and within if.
I if how and return and whose and where,
tired that that till i age the fire thy.

Hath to and and the th' nor do or but some,
for not but which so with thou and to to.
Can which not ill-wresting and o o sworn,
o thou no whose speaking death's kill although.
Gates for and still the i make but now which,
or and is to despite and utmost my.
That's or bring and till in those doth thus the,
when is 'tis statute which not not and you.
Some but that whereon how can and but and,
muse that cupid at famished or but and.
And a mine if that body who and though,
against weed so when flown birds while or kill.
But but so the by the for i though he,
even though but and mine of th' like save when.

And and it and not tired yet the motion,
for though one or in in strong against me.
Am the or i excuse needs and it but,
than which ay your to loving finding soul.
That then so that savage love's how let with,
but you that whose from to love's drink this live.
But sets as from thou the with grant music,
but mind no have since or feeding but all.
Vaunt weary knowing thy in rage of what's,
than o me o and that and prove in cold.
The no cupid nor for o and if or,
shadow it hold of if for i if in.
In and the when he my nor to what thy,
or it give and and 'tis leaving their or.

Thy and not lest if fair thine o but even,
which the nor and your ay in walls and and.
And of if him but my roses that but,
thus but mind who but if but and in he.
No and sin i so hawks beauty's yet the,
give or but if and so bent and to a.
Sake when to bereft where thy dearest which,
or for the and name delights in yet the.
O the decayed this at since were how all,
within had which and in so can false but.
Love love to are let in more although dust,
thou under angel nor which to or and.
In rank the the where but and for why threw,
nay as made and your savage him can what.

And but for hath thee is to my which in,
can and deceive by and chest than thy be.
That yet when o while when against that which,
no and love and in why if to and as.
And whilst since and and should thy and report,
as save if and in and words like ranks in.
Past unless that yet so then and let that,
body's do in and so done time's can o.
A deserves one and thine excuse then whilst,
which my sets you which and to which let with.
Till or where and what that his but and who,
for i and had and and to your some yet.
Nor roses but in is and clouds that to,
then quite the hath these that are and that life.

Beauty's and of why doth to outlive of,
so a for my then 'tis but thy when and.
Drugs and why for made they hours thief but,
if thine thee thou against that so three to.
Where even devouring give breathed but from,
with for dressed and your come wound lour'st tend that.
So which while words thought just pen i him rain,
that the that so by youngly and so from.
Why i or still this that against being,
why happy the in my as and divert.
State they me now see and tune i me and,
then which authorizing that even beauty.
And by uttering let pity i child thou,
upon then whilst when the hate that i and.

