Naive Hidden Markov Model: 16 hidden states

Doth those fairing was in shall that worth not,
which if as fair and to that outstripped but.
The like my how for so the and measure,
to and which than and and to both that and.
Who for o in that against to yet what,
had like my and or till and entitled.
I any so when debtor the flatter,
to a the and for sometime the and or.
That for which save could called all why and the,
though leese with wilt 'gainst look for and and the.
Absent dead his with though me in which for,
so and my then to himself whilst and and.
I which come that see and for didst to past,
if and lascivious cheeks but within join.

So making what thou which and temptation,
what for sometime roses for and like the.
Of commit day a therefore thus thy if,
yet and desiring is thou and but to.
Admit as all where but o imprisoned,
as some is who how or and when beauteous.
Theirs to and whence which in for to and for,
since within o though as and who vow but.
Be o'er and how yet those beauty and now,
to whose and kind shouldst among who why of.
Sometime but but more and bare and and first,
simply o so the as o when to make.
Which have grossly thy therefore and all if,
thou yours the o th' sort it from well being.

And and one body's leap and tempteth the,
that but which cross like lengths that but and and.
And admit fair fair in as although for,
since so my and blessed even o o.
Two th' a from if then but kill then of when,
after the as from this upon to thy.
And i and when canst to you the that till,
perforce canker then o the dumb unless.
Methinks like old ere when decay then and,
then she as for and but thus and commit.
Though all to for that audit the and shall,
and against and and i no a thou o.
If lend or i'll thing then ah and if as,
of then was describe of even due and.

Even whose by whose for what and unless,
those which of but even my when the have.
When what's ere by by and to to away,
but even the even deserves for to.
And he the delights when the and for from,
against even save by against now and.
Forgot for mad with your till my hath or,
for and on life look and in for of her.
If and millions of either the now when,
wert and and vaunt the and thou for forgot.
I but praising and and then as 'greeing,
and o and gilding by can our since.
But your when chiding of if and the the,
that possessing and that and whilst that that.

For but at so though or were the thy but,
thou so for or whilst all makes store my so.
To that make for scythe how and pity to,
o every for to from with a awakes.
When but the confounds heart fairing and and,
mock why wooing who all so in robbing.
Unlooked and like sworn and since not and but,
the the to-day creatures within and and.
Thee against of but and in advantage,
now cloud when then being who to through our.
That and else then or to if forsake as,
a when when look in i i thy have no.
Counting seeming for and for so that where,
and if but then there looking to describe.

Wherein but yet the a for their their but,
if there holds or how the that and which my.
Mak'st give beauty enjoyed and those by and,
or if and o a leave which to-morrow.
Alack and and when which grows for that no,
but when for so so it to when which hand.
To no that and was my bring until most,
a those why but goodness in sweetest nor.
Love's or enjoyed as and when grant thus what,
with so from lest and and to for then and.
That when the so as makes are o so being,
mine o which anon worse for nor live as.
With and some is but but his the to that,
shall but wife and to but when o the my.

Incertainties for and so if upon,
the that that him to and give so by which.
And delights make and how so nor and the,
as self thine as by to a and let nor.
Pluck from i for th' the in naming thy o,
intend o in th' love's o but make to in.
My and to and when in nor hers painful,
but so and like that for and thou which i.
Own which so thou if upon thou no making,
fairing were crooked how and which ah i.
For see make and and like what and how to,
against and which that and but but that with.
He some thou that nor the let how and be,
you thy like for and up the you in so.

Slandering come as worth and and excusing,
if for but wond'ring which it even as.
My yet and 'tis all and since sets by them,
intend she straight praising that now gift and.
Never my and when a and favour these,
blunter who and who shall to and to a.
Shall past my when and but in all it which,
as the since you or if that give and sight.
Thou and now what that and than that yet true,
yet cheered but when to how and than from and.
And me spend'st whilst it no i leases my,
so and that for speaking happy hammered.
So such what and yet and how most and but,
for and banks to which and so what o i.

The so and bristly and to yet such rise,
and beauty's from even yet when and that.
Hast can the ragged that all thus but sets,
when thy weary my so my be these one.
Thus to lo white doth o in my if and,
for are root but made thy were't attending.
Bosom's i and the and after and thus,
had advantage my the what for revenge.
But angel but gored what look to-morrow,
whilst what's my unmoved than supposed.
To if let and then which my they wilt i,
like doth of against then and weeds and make.
And which thus thy against or thus our,
and my be in no i those but hers for.

But and love but to thy as or thou i,
with since fool for which in face which sweet a.
And thy and and whoe'er when which is't be,
give and that when weary and deformed'st shall.
From and love make chiding against by that,
even that your then not pity darkness.
And they at that and both when sin that our,
be in if when and then whilst within and.
Body for nor i sometime that learn but,
and and and which thy may those when but but.
And my yet and being mine if but doth,
outward seems then see thy harsh tan shall love.
Whose fairing that thus when shadow whate'er,
for for a i'll beggared if that th' thanks in.

